c:\Users\Matej\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\DrawingApplication\obj\Debug\DrawingApplication.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
c:\Users\Matej\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\DrawingApplication\obj\Debug\DrawingApplication.LayerManager.resources
c:\Users\Matej\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\DrawingApplication\obj\Debug\DrawingApplication.ColorSelector.resources
c:\Users\Matej\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\DrawingApplication\obj\Debug\DrawingApplication.Document.resources
c:\Users\Matej\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\DrawingApplication\obj\Debug\DrawingApplication.Layers.resources
c:\Users\Matej\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\DrawingApplication\obj\Debug\DrawingApplication.ObjectTreeView.resources
c:\Users\Matej\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\DrawingApplication\obj\Debug\DrawingApplication.FillProps.resources
c:\Users\Matej\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\DrawingApplication\obj\Debug\DrawingApplication.LineProps.resources
c:\Users\Matej\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\DrawingApplication\obj\Debug\DrawingApplication.NewObjectProps.resources
c:\Users\Matej\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\DrawingApplication\obj\Debug\DrawingApplication.ObjectProps.resources
c:\Users\Matej\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\DrawingApplication\obj\Debug\DrawingApplication.PropertyDock.resources
c:\Users\Matej\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\DrawingApplication\obj\Debug\DrawingApplication.NewDocument.resources
c:\Users\Matej\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\DrawingApplication\obj\Debug\DrawingApplication.NewLayer.resources
c:\Users\Matej\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\DrawingApplication\obj\Debug\DrawingApplication.TextInputDialog.resources
c:\Users\Matej\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\DrawingApplication\obj\Debug\DrawingApplication.MainForm.resources
c:\Users\Matej\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\DrawingApplication\obj\Debug\DrawingApplication.Properties.Resources.resources
c:\Users\Matej\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\DrawingApplication\obj\Debug\DrawingApplication.csproj.GenerateResource.Cache
c:\Users\Matej\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\DrawingApplication\bin\Debug\DrawingApplication.exe
c:\Users\Matej\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\DrawingApplication\bin\Debug\DrawingApplication.pdb
c:\Users\Matej\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\DrawingApplication\bin\Debug\DigitalRune.Windows.Docking.dll
c:\Users\Matej\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\DrawingApplication\obj\Debug\DrawingApplication.ScreenControl.resources
c:\Users\Matej\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\DrawingApplication\obj\Debug\DrawingApplication.exe
c:\Users\Matej\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\DrawingApplication\obj\Debug\DrawingApplication.pdb
