c:\Users\Matej\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\DrawingApplication\bin\Release\DrawingApplication.exe
c:\Users\Matej\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\DrawingApplication\bin\Release\DrawingApplication.pdb
c:\Users\Matej\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\DrawingApplication\bin\Release\DigitalRune.Windows.Docking.dll
c:\Users\Matej\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\DrawingApplication\obj\Release\DrawingApplication.LayerManager.resources
c:\Users\Matej\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\DrawingApplication\obj\Release\DrawingApplication.ColorSelector.resources
c:\Users\Matej\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\DrawingApplication\obj\Release\DrawingApplication.Document.resources
c:\Users\Matej\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\DrawingApplication\obj\Release\DrawingApplication.Layers.resources
c:\Users\Matej\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\DrawingApplication\obj\Release\DrawingApplication.ObjectTreeView.resources
c:\Users\Matej\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\DrawingApplication\obj\Release\DrawingApplication.FillProps.resources
c:\Users\Matej\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\DrawingApplication\obj\Release\DrawingApplication.LineProps.resources
c:\Users\Matej\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\DrawingApplication\obj\Release\DrawingApplication.NewObjectProps.resources
c:\Users\Matej\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\DrawingApplication\obj\Release\DrawingApplication.ObjectProps.resources
c:\Users\Matej\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\DrawingApplication\obj\Release\DrawingApplication.PropertyDock.resources
c:\Users\Matej\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\DrawingApplication\obj\Release\DrawingApplication.NewDocument.resources
c:\Users\Matej\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\DrawingApplication\obj\Release\DrawingApplication.NewLayer.resources
c:\Users\Matej\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\DrawingApplication\obj\Release\DrawingApplication.ScreenControl.resources
c:\Users\Matej\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\DrawingApplication\obj\Release\DrawingApplication.TextInputDialog.resources
c:\Users\Matej\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\DrawingApplication\obj\Release\DrawingApplication.MainForm.resources
c:\Users\Matej\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\DrawingApplication\obj\Release\DrawingApplication.Properties.Resources.resources
c:\Users\Matej\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\DrawingApplication\obj\Release\DrawingApplication.csproj.GenerateResource.Cache
c:\Users\Matej\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\DrawingApplication\obj\Release\DrawingApplication.exe
c:\Users\Matej\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\DrawingApplication\obj\Release\DrawingApplication.pdb
e:\Zaloha-MSI\E-Disk\.Git\VectorDrawingApplication\DrawingApplication\obj\Release\DrawingApplication.exe
e:\Zaloha-MSI\E-Disk\.Git\VectorDrawingApplication\DrawingApplication\obj\Release\DrawingApplication.pdb
e:\Zaloha-MSI\E-Disk\.Git\VectorDrawingApplication\DrawingApplication\bin\Release\DrawingApplication.exe
e:\Zaloha-MSI\E-Disk\.Git\VectorDrawingApplication\DrawingApplication\bin\Release\DrawingApplication.pdb
e:\Zaloha-MSI\E-Disk\.Git\VectorDrawingApplication\DrawingApplication\bin\Release\DigitalRune.Windows.Docking.dll
e:\Zaloha-MSI\E-Disk\.Git\VectorDrawingApplication\DrawingApplication\obj\Release\DrawingApplication.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
e:\Zaloha-MSI\E-Disk\.Git\VectorDrawingApplication\DrawingApplication\obj\Release\DrawingApplication.LayerManager.resources
e:\Zaloha-MSI\E-Disk\.Git\VectorDrawingApplication\DrawingApplication\obj\Release\DrawingApplication.ColorSelector.resources
e:\Zaloha-MSI\E-Disk\.Git\VectorDrawingApplication\DrawingApplication\obj\Release\DrawingApplication.Document.resources
e:\Zaloha-MSI\E-Disk\.Git\VectorDrawingApplication\DrawingApplication\obj\Release\DrawingApplication.Layers.resources
e:\Zaloha-MSI\E-Disk\.Git\VectorDrawingApplication\DrawingApplication\obj\Release\DrawingApplication.ObjectTreeView.resources
e:\Zaloha-MSI\E-Disk\.Git\VectorDrawingApplication\DrawingApplication\obj\Release\DrawingApplication.FillProps.resources
e:\Zaloha-MSI\E-Disk\.Git\VectorDrawingApplication\DrawingApplication\obj\Release\DrawingApplication.LineProps.resources
e:\Zaloha-MSI\E-Disk\.Git\VectorDrawingApplication\DrawingApplication\obj\Release\DrawingApplication.NewObjectProps.resources
e:\Zaloha-MSI\E-Disk\.Git\VectorDrawingApplication\DrawingApplication\obj\Release\DrawingApplication.ObjectProps.resources
e:\Zaloha-MSI\E-Disk\.Git\VectorDrawingApplication\DrawingApplication\obj\Release\DrawingApplication.PropertyDock.resources
e:\Zaloha-MSI\E-Disk\.Git\VectorDrawingApplication\DrawingApplication\obj\Release\DrawingApplication.NewDocument.resources
e:\Zaloha-MSI\E-Disk\.Git\VectorDrawingApplication\DrawingApplication\obj\Release\DrawingApplication.NewLayer.resources
e:\Zaloha-MSI\E-Disk\.Git\VectorDrawingApplication\DrawingApplication\obj\Release\DrawingApplication.ScreenControl.resources
e:\Zaloha-MSI\E-Disk\.Git\VectorDrawingApplication\DrawingApplication\obj\Release\DrawingApplication.TextInputDialog.resources
e:\Zaloha-MSI\E-Disk\.Git\VectorDrawingApplication\DrawingApplication\obj\Release\DrawingApplication.MainForm.resources
e:\Zaloha-MSI\E-Disk\.Git\VectorDrawingApplication\DrawingApplication\obj\Release\DrawingApplication.Properties.Resources.resources
e:\Zaloha-MSI\E-Disk\.Git\VectorDrawingApplication\DrawingApplication\obj\Release\DrawingApplication.csproj.GenerateResource.Cache
